hugo girls today we will talk
hairstyle so I was asked about
youtube in comments or on
my blog
how did I do to have
hair so stiff so that's right
that as a rule we girls of
in colors or mixed or black we have
tendency to want to stiffen the hair
all the time and we use a lot
to proceed so today I'm going
to talk to you about my hair routine
so to begin what you need to know
it's that I was born with curls
therefore the two loops not right
homeland are really big mouths
and that I struggled all my life
teen with straightener that
my hair becomes raid
I stopped very very quickly
hair straighteners because it started at my
life but the hair I had the spikes
who had become all white at last
it was really hell and I got
said that if I wanted straight hair
I had to do something else
method so the method that I adopt
since now pretty much
five years so since I was 20 years old is
remained the same
and in the end actually my hair has finished
to reduce itself so that
now when I'm doing my shampoo
and that I come out of the shower I have the
hair that is already quite stiff
so I'll explain my routine
right now so already I'm doing my
shampoo always always the
I never do it in the morning before
to leave it always happens in the evening
so I used a fructis shampoo
or whatever
honestly take any field
point it's not really the
shampoo in itself that is important
that's the way you go
shampoo hair so what he
have to face it's not really necessary
to avoid it is to rub his hair in
that sense there because you're going to activate
your curls what I'm doing is that
I'm doing my shampoo backwards I
take my nails and I rub everything
gently ends up backwards
and that's all good then I'm here
do my shampoo like that I rinse my
hair and once I'm out of
the shower immediately that is to say that
it's the first thing I do I
keep my towel around me and I
start right away right now
immediately by paying my hair with
a traditional loincloth back as
a boy I put everything everything everything
all the way back if you have bangs
or an ex franches that you want
hidden or put back and it's a little
matter you put everything everything everything
all back then second step
so I use a cream for
hair so it's this one hardly
with ong sesame oil conditional
so express for dry hair
so it's a big blue pot that I
bought in a type express store
afro after it's a very oil
very serious
finally it's an oil a kind of gel to
these grains that makes a little bit of oil
on top so I put it really
not much jean-mi true on my two
fingers and I go everywhere in my
hair by really really insisting
really on the spikes and so that's it
the hair all the way back the longer the
cream in the hair I finish with me
smooth hair so with this
brush always always in
back most importantly for
that your hair would stay that's the
way you will also dry your
hair so I do not use anything else
to dry my hair that air
natural where actually does that I
do my shampoo in the evening what I
do it is that I take all my
hair that has already been back and
I unlock with my clip so we turn
we turn turning turning your
hair and going back with the
clip it dries that's done so
red way drags so it's like that
that I do and I let them dry
naturally between 1h and 1h30 it's
everything I do absolutely nothing else
for drying do not use do not use
no hair or other because
you simply reactivate your
loops one should let them dry on the
natural I really insist and with this
kind of pass really pull pull your
hair when wanted to go back then
what I do is I use to
finish drying them because they
will stay after an hour and a half
a little bit wet
I put them on a flat iron then this
which is very important is to have
very very good plate so this is my
are babyliss pro so in tikal
titanium and gold is what you can in
Managed the different temperatures
so for when I had hair
still quite curly I put them to 230
so now I went below
I liked it at around 200 and over your
hair will be raid in fact and the more you
can go down when
you rpt tasks and your brush
After an hour and a half you will see
your hair is already all dreaming and it
there will be more than just drying them with
with the plates so as
traditionally when using
plates
we start from behind and we go back
gently so I start with
steps like that and I go back for
your bangs I advise you like this
are the little hair in front and
that they are fragile to get off your
minimum plates so at 150 and from
start so the propeller is everything
just forward here so this is
everything I do not do anything else what makes
that in the end my hair ended up
force down to joke pranks everything
only after really invest in your
plates because that's what he will do in
it will give you flexibility
in the end to your hair then
so that's really a plus
finally I do it but after that it's
do not know what gave my hair this
that I use is the little Marseille
so it's one that eliminates donations
this is an aspect that eliminates
bad smells in the hair because
that milk usually produces for
black hair hair not feel
very very good and with the plates in
plus it really smell I find
so ugly so I use the little
Marseille who has a fresh taste that
sees there flowers cotton flowers and
almond trees so it's really all
fresh there is no smell I vaporize
my hair with is what I do
because here I wagged them with
bask I'm just using a joke
it does not matter how important it is
not put a lot of them because your
hair will often be a little bit all
sticky depending on the brand you are taking
so normal fixation that I bought
price leader so really a basic and
it's over so that's all
little routine that in the end we do not
do not know much but nothing
nothing but shampooing
back and let them dry
naturally is really locked in
a pass is really pulled the ied did
that in the end my hair stiffened
all by itself which makes that if I do not pass
not the hair straightener in my hair
it's because I really hate it in
the wet hair that I do it
when you detach your pass your
hair is already quite stiff and at the end
Account
by force and after a certain number
still two months according to some
girls because I know where according
some years
someone the hair ends up
become turek so here is if you have
other questions or need more than
details then especially do not hesitate to
leave a comment at the bottom of the
video or if not for if you decide to
come see me or just hello
do not hesitate to go to my blog
emanate fashion stores tip as I
you do everything right and lots of kisses
I'll see you soon